holy shit coming these guys want to eat
us
you okay well those psychos tried to
bite me but yeah yeah I'm fine
oh well I can't just stay out here
that's for damn sure
ranger station ranger station maybe we
can find some help there but what the
hell man we've gone two weeks what
everybody takes of cannibalism bees me
yeah
hold up yeah these guys look messed up
too yeah stay low and keep quiet maybe
we can get past them without being
spotted
here help me move this against the wall
we need to clear a space for the wounded
man can anybody tell me what the hell is
going on what's going on is there's more
of them up here than I expected we need
to sweep the rest of the cabins for
survivors I've got injured people here I
have to tend to okay we'll see what we
can do we will I appreciate it
there's a water tower out back it has a
good view of the campgrounds might be
worth your while to climb up there and
have a look around first we've got some
supplies in the locker over there take
what you need and stay safe out there
you